fix(curriculum/ python): add new steps to explain Scopes (#55094)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/66605a64a9822f01ec5ae8ce.md

---
id: 66605a64a9822f01ec5ae8ce
title: Step 50
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-50
---

# --description--

In Python, the scope of a variable determines where that variable can be accessed. Variables defined inside a function are local to that function and cannot be accessed outside of it.

> Let's see this in action. At the end of your code, try to print the `alphabet` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see this in action, try to print the `alphabet` variable at the end of your code. This will raise a `NameError` exception.
```
We agreed not to use "let's" and "we".

You should see an error message indicating that `alphabet` is not defined. This is because `alphabet` is defined inside the `caesar` function and is not accessible outside of it.

# --hints--

You should attempt to print the `alphabet` variable outside the caesar function.

```js

> assert.match(code, /print\(\s*alphabet\s*\)/m)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /^print\(\s*alphabet\s*\)/m)
```
